in the morning very good morning, I'm the type
macau and for the first time on the
here's a video in Portuguese
many of you have seen or in the next
mach
I wanted to make a comment on
because there were still some
people say that the genre in my
opinion is stupid on the quietest
Quiet here is a comment on
Portuguese and I arrived I said that I am
seeing you want is enough then there will be
still tried to use girls title is
quite old xp and I in only one
mne chinese recorder wave get 60
pounds is quite good only that from
that for once the other view
user xr recorder and joseph and is not
complicated to make a good play without having
what to do at the beach
I know this I find most pro end
got to draw two or even three four
drills and hope you enjoy the
bank are watching
and now that the game is already explained
basically say make the comment
Portuguese is a more difficult team than
I was old already so used to doing
comments in English that I have already
here a few times the highlights
for this comment leave goes and the theme
want to talk today is basically the new
engine in color connects them to the
So let your opinion leave me
shouted his opinion on the cause of God
and I'm going to use mine right now
in the first place I've seen many
people to say that the form of the sinai
for study will be quite different
and from what I saw and from what I think
I think you want to be
prepared when you do not put yourself in the
insert a week before a
week before playing in
the stretch stayed away at least because
this is the only way for us to
we've known so far and we've seen nobody
play her in multiplayer but even having
the new edition than when it looks
it 's not that the back is not all black
even with this law are the swan form
to me by are quite similar to
year w3c and simply my opinion
I did not play the game for anyone who thinks
I went to think it was her and I did not have
I did not go to the multiplayer review
I 've seen enough videos about it and the
technician was also there and I have been
talk a little about it and I think
this time they will be more or less
equal to the inner heat stirs
I did everything I could to take clips I think
will change rather sad because of
still do not know that the thread that in all
state schools in the corner
lower left
now it will move to the top corner
right if you want to sing it extracts
Do you already know where you're going to walk?
little channeling and what you hear goes
to be slightly different from how
It is what I did will behave as already
there was a gameplay of someone is
get that kind of nucleus if
You want the new Bowen game and I
basically gets a section of 36
kills six at once and the sites are
there the river is something we never saw
previously
and I think that in this next colloquy there
there is an opportunity to finally
Mounts do not focus only on the
who listens and may start to get more
fines you use up to large
trix or non-spreading virus can start
clip to be fitted and principle
this happens in my opinion it will be a
good outcome for the community puts the
which in terms of title
this video as you can see by tamar already
It's almost coming to an end and I liked it.
to know your opinion was in a
white van christina romer your
opinion on the Portuguese documentary
better is a team very different from
I was expecting quite different from the
what was waiting
this if you have some friends stressed this
I want to see and hear the opinion
someone on the new call of duty and
I want it to be a Portuguese wine.
the link us for this video there was the
see how curious I am to see how it is
this is going to be him because the first
video in Portuguese and I'll be honest
in principle it should be more or less well
but the society itself is very well that I
I'll be back to do a Portuguese comment
a week ago two might not know in
We have to wait and see how it goes.
It is the hope you have enjoyed
this video I'm the weather in macau and
see you tomorrow